[u"I think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then speak to me", u"Girl it's getting late, the sun's going down", u"And it's about the time to shake my cross the town", u'But before I go, I just wanna say', u'That you stay on my mind each and everyday', u"I think I'm starting to like", u'The time that we spend', u"And it's building inside", u"Then I can't pretend", u"No I don't wanna fight it, I don't wanna hide the way I feel", u"So I guess it's time for me to say", u'That I got eyes for you baby, I want us to be together', u'And if you feel it too, tell me, no one will treat you better', u"Cause on nights like this, it's good to know that you got someone by your side like this", u'The more and more you feel like you can live your life like this', u"And then you say, 'hope this will last forever'", u"Don't know if is love, it's too early to say", u"But if it's something like it I just want it to remain", u"Don't know if you're the one, that takes a little time", u"But in the mean time, girl you're feeling just fine", u'Cause the way you look at me, never seen that look before', u"And if it's a hint of what's to come then maybe can I get some more?", u"Not trying to be too forward, but I think it's best for you to know", u'I got eyes for you baby, I want us to be together', u'And if you feel it too, tell me, no one will treat you better', u"Cause on nights like this, it's good to know that you got someone by your side like this", u'The more and more you feel like you can live your life like this', u"And then you say, 'hope this will last forever'", u"I think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then speak to me", u"I think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then speak to me", u'I got eyes for you baby, I want us to be together', u'And if you feel it too, tell me, no one will treat you better', u"Cause on nights like this, it's good to know that you got someone by your side like this", u'The more and more you feel like you can live your life like this', u"And then you say, 'hope this will last forever'", u'I got eyes for you baby, I want us to be together', u'And if you feel it too, tell me, no one will treat you better', u"Cause on nights like this, it's good to know that you got someone by your side like this", u'The more and more you feel like you can live your life like this', u"And then you say, 'hope this will last forever'", u"I think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then speak to me", u"I think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then holla! ", u"Think I found my girl, if it's you then speak to me"]