[u'(Chorus) (Nelly Furtado)', u"Im alive i can feel the blood rushing thru my veins an that's all i need ", u"Know 'cause im not looking for a change.'cause i got friends and enemies ", u"But it just don't bother me, 'cause as long as i believe i can breath.", u'(Prevail)', u'Metamorphis, battle-axe Fortress. four hundred horsepower, full ', u'Moon the Sorceress, Swollen Members an my girl NF, the predators ', u'And the terminators the tribe cold breath why we hurt em later we ', u"Do so much damage now. they'll truck em, when i hit them, so much", u'Garbage around yells, bells and whistles like carnival sounds ', u'Phenominal adrenaline from words of my mouth.', u'(Mad Child)', u'How did shayne manage to rap? with brain damage im phat remained', u'Famished and stacked your playin with the praying mantis infact you ', u'Gigantic you sink like titanic panic attack act up and im a ? crash into ', u'Disaster, smash like master-plaster, punker rangle-monster wants ', u"To stomp ya, crushin 'cause im ? crushin?will tomorrow be the same blood", u'Rushin thru my veins', u'(Chorus)', u"Im alive i can feel the blood rushing thru my veins an that's all i need ", u"Know 'cause im not looking for a change.'cause i got friends and enemies ", u"But it just don't bother me, 'cause as long as i believe i can breath.", u'(Nelly Furtado)', u"A noices people i knew has to, that's we are of this point to do what i", u'Did of so spoint to, to wether it be easy enough to do', u'(Moka)', u'Im sharin a mouth im like a crispy creme prevayer belt. ', u'With the sync notes swollen like your lymphnods, ', u'We went from instro to intro to insto, coincidentally ', u'Messin up your mental state, we makin ends glow ', u'Pacific center ? me an my kinfolk atttention ', u"Nobody can do it like your man mok' my bands dope! ", u"The tracks all flow im beautiful that's for sure! ", u'(Mad Child)', u'Im a neanderthal, your bound ta fall, ', u"Im wonderful we warned ya all it's foreign to y'all it's ", u'Wonderful the underworld beautiful minds, tryin to ', u'Keep it independant in recruitable times', u'(Chorus) (2x)', u"Im alive i can feel the blood rushing thru my veins an that's all i need ", u"Know 'cause im not looking for a change.'cause i got friends and enemies ", u"But it just don't bother me, 'cause as long as i believe i can breath.", u'(Moka)', u'We crashin thru you, now feel the magnitude were flashin ', u'Thru inside of you it has to do with how you do your thing ', u'Be true to only you well moka only tellin you is take your soul an ', u'Talent to the next plateau an balance who you try to think of times two', u'(Chorus)', u"Im alive i can feel the blood rushing thru my veins an that's all i need ", u"Know 'cause im not looking for a change.'cause i got friends and enemies ", u"But it just don't bother me, 'cause as long as i believe i can breath."]